behaved mature and efficient this is the
better definition for the new voyage
2014 model
exhibiting the new look of the German brand in
front and new taillights
It looked like cousin j
point for the appearance since it is
most expensive and breaking car face
current
this version also won some bingos
interesting as the eco- comfort that gives
important notices to the driver in the
panel to alert you to close the
when the air conditioner is
connected the interior but remained the same
but nothing that depreciates the finish to
quality of materials and bolts
still very good
is with respect to internal space and
especially in the rear seat
only two adults and
a child in the middle and not to mention that
in this place has a headrest but
missing the three-point belt
to understand at least the trunk with
480 liters capacity
it is reasonable for a car with pretensions
in mechanics there is also no
news in this version the engine is 1.6
total flex that once again proved to be
the most suitable for this body
delivering enough torque at lows
rotation allows quick responses and
with which the voyage is very legal of
driving mainly in the city without
speak in the camp easy and precise continues
being a reference between the cars
if national stability if the goiás
comes out well and with safe behavior in the
consumption a small skid the 6.2
kilometers per liter of ethanol and 8.8
gasoline emits on average that we
in our testing circuit are few
to the present day organs in English
last night the world has only three
Team points
because neither worse without great news in the
goiás of 2014 counts on the tradition
quality standards to be imposed on the
but here among us with several competitors
like big fiat and nissan versa by
example cheaper than even
the bigger the inside his life is
getting harder and harder